Add runtime filter docs (#14352)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

### tidb_runtime_filter_mode <span class="version-mark">New in v7.2.0</span>

- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Type: Enumeration
- Default value: `OFF`
- Possible values: `OFF`, `LOCAL`

> - Controls the mode of Runtime Filter, that is, the relationship between the **Filter Sender operator** and **Filter Receiver operator**. There are two modes: `OFF` and `LOCAL`. `OFF` means disabling Runtime Filter. `LOCAL` means enabling Runtime Filter in the local mode. For more information, refer to [Runtime Filter mode](/runtime-filter.md#runtime-filter-mode).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Controls the mode of Runtime Filter, that is, the relationship between the **Filter Sender operator** and **Filter Receiver operator**. There are two modes: `OFF` and `LOCAL`. `OFF` means disabling Runtime Filter. `LOCAL` means enabling Runtime Filter in the local mode. For more information, see [Runtime Filter mode](/runtime-filter.md#runtime-filter-mode).
```

### tidb_runtime_filter_type <span class="version-mark">New in v7.2.0</span>

- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Type: Enumeration
- Default value: `IN`
- Possible values: `IN`

> - Controls the type of predicate used by the generated Filter operator. Currently, only one type is supported: `IN`. For more information, refer to [Runtime Filter type](/runtime-filter.md#runtime-filter-type).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Controls the type of predicate used by the generated Filter operator. Currently, only one type is supported: `IN`. For more information, see [Runtime Filter type](/runtime-filter.md#runtime-filter-type).
```
